
Doctors performing a successful heart surgery in the dark in Lviv, Ukraine

"Ukraine War Is Your Problem Too": France President Macron Tells Asian Countries

Russia attacked Ukraine with a missile with a simulated nuclear warhead, writes Defense Express. Rusnia used the Kh-55 missile, removed the nuclear warhead from it and replaced it with a "dummy". NATO's level of concern has grown significantly.

Zelenskiy Says No Peace Until Ukraine Gets Crimea, Donbas Back

The Donetsk Separatist Army Went To War In Ukraine With 20,000 Men. Statistically, Almost Every Single One Was Killed Or Wounded.

(Russia attacked Ukraine with a missile with a simulated nuclear warhead) — Defense Express. One of the dozens of missiles shot down over Kyiv on November 17th, 2022, was a "nuclear warhead simulator". That may indicate that the stock of cruise missiles in Russia is reaching a critical limit.

Twitter Ukraine supporters be like

Romanian built TAB 71M APCs have been spotted in Ukraine.

Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives demand an audit of the funds allocated to support Ukraine.

West ‘should not dictate’ peace terms to Ukraine, says Czech foreign minister. Jan Lipavský says western backers should recognise Ukraine is fighting against Russia to protect all Europe

Former Lithuanian Foreign Minister Linas Linkevičius believes that after the latest developments in the Russian war against Ukraine, the West should lift all political restrictions on military assistance to Ukraine and provide long-range missiles for HIMARS.

Gates Foundation pledges $7 billion for Africa as Ukraine war diverts donor cash

Almost 50% of Ukraine's energy system is out of order, PM Shmyhal. "Unfortunately, Russia continues to launch missile strikes against Ukraine's civilian infrastructure, waging war against the civilian population and depriving them of light, water and heat during the winter."

Ukraine’s full-circle on Iron Dome air-defence may pan out with Netanyahu

Kremlin admits it attacks Ukraine’s infrastructure to force Zelenskyy to negotiate

We've seen untold atrocities committed by Russia's forces in Ukraine - rape of children &amp; women, torture, murder, destruction. But Russia was committing atrocities way back in 2014 - Downing of flight MH17 &amp; its forces celebrating at the crash site.

US Army Seeking Lightweight Counter-Mortar Radar for Ukraine

IAEA does not find evidence of ‘dirty bombs’ in Ukraine and calls upon Russia to withdraw troops from Zaporizhzhia NPP

Ukraine receives additional Zuzana 2 self-propelled howitzer from Slovakia

The Wall Street Journal's editorial board urges Biden administration to provide Ukraine with ATACMS missiles

Our volunteer Anita helped Olga leave Uman and get to Romania where she will be able to continue her cancer treatment. SP4U works with Mission Kharkiv and Blue Heron Foundation to transport cancer patients out of Ukraine so they can get the care they need. Learn more at sp4ukraine.org

“If you think supporting Ukraine is a sacrifice, they are giving far more in blood. If you think it is expensive, not stopping Putin now will lead to a far more costly conflict when he is ready again. Dictators do not stop until they are stopped. Learn this, finally.” Garry Kasparov on Twitter

"My shift lasted 4 and half months" - the story of Ukrainian traumotologist who was an only doctor in occupied Izyum, Ukraine.

Leaked emails from a whistleblower at Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB), shared with Newsweek, reveal a civil war among President Vladimir Putin's closest allies as his invasion of Ukraine continues to falter.

Hostage diplomacy: Budapest blackmails Brussels into releasing billions| Hungary has backed the EU into a corner, blocking Ukraine aid and a global tax deal until it unlocks billions in EU funds.

Darth Vader statue replacing Lenin in Odesa, Ukraine

The winter supply arrived - Insights from the Ukraine Aid Operations Warehouse in Kyiv

Slovakia has delivered one more Zuzana 2 self-propelled artillery system to Ukraine

Screams from Russia's alleged torture basements still haunt Ukraine's Kherson

We see you, russians. Even in the dark. You will not know peace until you leave Ukraine.

Darth Vader statue replacing Lenin in Odesa, Ukraine

Everything will be Ukraine. Bruges.

/r/WorldNews Live Thread: Russian Invasion of Ukraine Day 268, Part 1 (Thread #409)

Ukraine: Panzerhaubitzen 2000 wegen Ersatzteilmangels außer Gefecht

Czech foreign minister: West ‘should not dictate’ peace terms to Kyiv as Ukraine defends all of Europe

T-34/85's firing at night with the help of flares; Ukraine, April 1944.

Russia-Ukraine live updates: Ukraine refutes US estimates on troop deaths, injuries

Hungary begins to cooperate with Iran, which supplies weapons to Russia for the war against Ukraine.

Ukraine Maritime Drone Strikes Again: Reports Indicate Attack On Novorossiysk - Naval News

Thanks to r/ukraine Israeli bandages, trauma dressings, tourniquets and other IFAK components were delivered and handed over to the soldiers of the 72nd. Post briefing every Black Zaporozhian drilled how to use these medical items. Also see photos of daily life of 72nd Brigade. We need your support!

Rod Stewart's heartbreaking tribute to Ukraine on opening night of new tour.

The week Yunukovych betrayed Ukraine and lead to the war presently

7:17 EEST ; The Sun is Rising on the 268th Day of the russian Invasion on the Capital City of Kyiv. Ukraine Continues to Live and Fight On. DISCUSSION + CHARITIES!

Virginia Rescue Searching for U.S. Homes for 32 Rescue Cats Left Homeless by the War in Ukraine

The price of the freedom. Let's not forget the ultimate price Ukraine is paying.

West ‘should not dictate’ peace terms to Ukraine, says Czech foreign minister. Jan Lipavský says western backers should recognise Ukraine is fighting against Russia to protect all Europe

Russian Losses vs. Ukrainian Losses (as of the 9th month of the intended 3-day "Special Military Operation" by Russian in Ukraine in 2022 A.D.) :

Australian mining billionaire Andrew Forrest will invest $740 million in Ukraine’s private sector to kick start its post war economy.

Der Spiegel....German self-propelled howitzers in Ukraine fail due to lack of spare parts

Ukraine war: 10 million without power after Russian strikes

Hungary will not support EU aid plan to Ukraine, Orban says

The IAEA demands Russia to immediately stop the occupation of the Ukrainian nuclear facilities The #IAEA Board of Governors adopted the third resolution since the beginning of the war in #Ukraine, in which it called on #Russia to stop all actions at Ukrainian nuclear facilities.

Russian losses as of Nov 18th - According to the Armed Forces of Ukraine

Novoselivske, Luhansk Oblast, eastern Ukraine: Ukrainian observers cheer tank fire hitting what is said to be a Russian position in a house attic. No date.

Refugee family from Ukraine seeking to return to Canada faces immigration backlogs

Marjorie Taylor Greene Says While We Ignore Our Border, We Protect Others. Introduces Audit Of Ukraine Aid

Russia failed to achieve strategic military objectives in Ukraine - "The Russians have failed every single time. They've lost strategically, they've lost operationally, and I repeat, they lost tactically,"

Gates Foundation pledges $7 billion for Africa as Ukraine war diverts donor cash

‘I’m staying here for my animals’: The Italian man rescuing stray dogs in Ukraine

Ukraine's Anti-Missile App - єППО

Russian Attacks Have Disabled Almost Half Of Ukraine's Energy Infrastructure, Says PM

Finland sending 10th military aid package to Ukraine

Video from today. 18/Nov/2022. Its snowing in Ukraine and the lads are reminding the Russkies that doom has arrived.

Ukraine Maritime Drone Strikes Again: Reports Indicate Attack On Novorossiysk - Naval News

Slovakia sends one more Zuzana 2 howitzer to Ukraine

Screams from Russia's alleged torture basements still haunt Ukraine's Kherson

The body collectors of Ukraine - BBC News

Ukraine rights chief releases video of 'torture chamber' in liberated Kherson

Ukraine Forces cheer fire on Russian positions via German PzH 2000 howitzer

Ukraine’s Foreign Ministry likens Russia to ISIS after Putin’s spokesman admits latest attacks aimed at forcing negotiations

Israel Caves Into US Pressure, Agrees To Provide 'Strategic Materials' To Ukraine

Ukraine may get access to missile blast site - Polish officials

Ukraine War: Traces of explosives found on Nord Stream pipeline

Zelenskiy Says No Peace Until Ukraine Gets Crimea, Donbas Back

Short video outlining what happened with Flight MH17 being shot down by a Russian Buk missile in 2014 killing 298 people. Putin blamed Ukraine.

A Ukraine drone discovered and detonated a large number of landmines planted by the Russian Army.

Slovakia provides Ukraine with another Zuzana 2 howitzer

EU to launch its own communications satellite network | The European Union hopes to have its own communications satellite system up and running by 2027. The importance of the project became clear after Russia's invasion of Ukraine.

Ukraine Maritime Drone Strikes Again: Reports Indicate Attack On Novorossiysk - Naval News

Last photo of 22-year-old Serhiy Tomchuk, who was killed in battle against the Russian Army. RIP Serhiy. Ukraine will never forget your sacrifice!

Today and yesterday! Carpathian mountains, Ukraine

First snow is celebrated in Ukraine

The Ukrainian Military Keeps Pounding Russian Invaders somewhere in the east of Ukraine

"Ukrenergo" published a photo of an electric power transformer that was destroyed by a Russian cruise missile. It supplied light to 400,000 consumers in western Ukraine. This is just one of many that will be difficult to replace in a short time (Source link in comments)

Zelenskiy Says No Peace Until Ukraine Gets Crimea, Donbas Back

A Ukrainian BTR-82A ‘Buran’ fires its 30mm auto cannon during training undertaken by Ukraine’s 71st Jaeger Brigade - No Music

Ex-General Hodges in german media: "Ukraine will control all its territory in the summer".

Ukraine's National Guard's specialized "Omega" unit is fighting the Russian Army's fascists soldiers.

Russian Losses vs. Ukrainian Losses (as of the 9th month of the intended 3-day "Special Military Operation" by Russian in Ukraine in 2022 A.D.) :

Heavy Fighting Continues In Ukraine's East, As Russia Targets More Energy Facilities

The winter supply arrived - Insights from the Ukraine Aid Operations Warehouse in Kyiv

The HAWK air defense system will soon come into service with the Ukrainian Air Force, Yuriy Ihnat, spokesman of the Air Force Command of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, said on Nov. 18. (Link in commets)

South Korea president vows increase in humanitarian aid to Ukraine

Russian soldier seeking asylum in Madrid denounces ‘criminal’ Ukraine war

Counter Dutch military support to Ukraine stands at 800 million euros

Oleg Sedov a Russian Commander of military Police has been eliminated in Ukraine.

Israel allowed the supply of weapons of its own production to Ukraine

The bodies of 991 civilians were found in the liberated territories of Donetsk, Mykolaiv, Kharkiv and Kherson regions, the National Police reported ¦ Almost a thousand bodies of civilians were found in the de-occupied settlements of Ukraine, - National Police.More than 3,500 war crimes committed.

Russia’s relentless strikes may escalate the war – but Kherson shows Ukraine is winning | Orysia Lutsevych | The Guardian

Israel Caves Into US Pressure, Agrees To Provide 'Strategic Materials' To Ukraine
